Docs: Getting started section copy edit (#184)
grafana/scenes: docusaurus/docs/getting-started.md

title: Set up Scenes
---

> This page shows you how to install Scenes and create your first "Hello World" scene.

Author: ```suggestion
This topic describes how to install Scenes and create your first "Hello World" scene.
```

## Installation

Add @grafana/scenes to your Grafana app plugin by running the following command in your project:

```bash
yarn add @grafana/scenes
```

Conversely, use the [Scenes app template](https://github.com/grafana/scenes-app-template/generate) to start from scratch.

## Hello World scene

> The following instructions show you how to set up the "Hello World" scene.

Author: ```suggestion
The following instructions describe how to set up the "Hello World" scene.
```

}
```

### 2. Render a scene

> Use the following code in your Grafana App Plugin page to render the "Hello World" scene:

Author: Should "app plugin" be capitalized in the term "Grafana App Plugin"? I'm not sure if this is a product name or not. Same question for line 10.

Reviewer: No it shouldn't :) It's just a type of plugin.
